# Amazon FreeRTOS TI vendor ports and projects

FreeRTOS does not include any of the TI SimpleLink SDKs required for development.
Users are required to download the full TI SDK for any evaluation and development.
For compatibility reasons, please be sure to use the TI SDK versions listed
below as they have been verified together with Amazon FreeRTOS:

** TI SimpleLink Wi-Fi CC32xx SDK v4.30.00.06: **
   https://www.ti.com/tool/download/SIMPLELINK-CC32XX-SDK/4.30.00.06

** TI SimpleLink CC13x2 and CC26x2 SDK v4.30.00.54: **
   https://www.ti.com/tool/download/SIMPLELINK-CC13X2-26X2-SDK/4.30.00.54

Depending on the development platform, users might also need to download the
standalone SysConfig tool if not part if the SDK or IDE download:

** TI System Configuration Tool (SysConfig) v1.6.0: **
   https://www.ti.com/tool/download/SYSCONFIG/1.6.0_1543

# Common-IO

Starting from TI SDK version 4.30.*, a subset of the Amazon FreeRTOS common-io
layer is supported for all SimpleLink device SDKs listed above. While most
of the provided common-io ports are device agnostic, some are device specific 
and only available for a given device family.

Available common-io ports are found under "simplelink_common/ports/common-io/src"
where device agnostic versions are found in the "simplelink" folder. 

# Building AWS Test and Demo projects

The AWS Test and Demo project assumes that the user has installed or linked 
(symbolic) the SDK into to corresponding device SDK folder, 
"simplelink_<device>_sdk. These folders could contain multiple SDK version and
should be named accordingly. For example, if the user is to create a symbolic 
link for the CC32xx 4.30 SDK, it is recommended to use the following naming 
scheme:

> C:/ti/simplelink_cc32xx_4_30_00_06_sdk <-- link --> ./simplelink_cc32xx_sdk/4_30_00_06

The user would need to follow the same method for SysConfig, installing it into
the "sysconfig" directory or linking it like showed done above:

> C:/ti/sysconfig_1.6.0 <-- link --> ./sysconfig/1_6_0

When later invoking the CMake for these projects, the user is expected to define
the SDK version to use. This allows for the user to easily move between SDK 
versions without having to manually specify the version in the CMakeFile.
An example on how these defines could be passed to the cmake call:

cmake ... -DCC32XX_SDK_VER=4_30_00_54 -DSYSCONFIG_VER=1_6_0

If building for the CC13X2 or CC26X2 family, the SDK version is defined by 
"CC13X2_26X2_SDK_VER" instead of "DCC32XX_SDK_VER".

# Generating AWS Test and Demo binaries

The AWS Test and Demo projects is setup to be able to generate ".bin" output in 
addition to the object file normally generated by the linker. 

Depending on the system paths and environmental variables, the program search 
might fail during the CMake generation step (resulting in a warning). If the 
search fail and a binary output is required, the user must either add the TI 
Code Composer Studio (CCS) path to the system path or manually define it during 
the CMake invocation. An example on how this could be defined for a windows
platform during the cmake call:

cmake ... -DTI_CCS_PATH=c:/ti/ccs1000/ccs
